What nine days supreme
Eight Wilderness One Lord
Can you meet the real adult?
How is this possible?
This kid turned out to be a peerless martial god
It's over. It's over.
It's all over. Next week, the Xiao family will compete to recruit relatives.
It really alerted Lord Valkyrie
Don't be fooled by him
Lord God once broke the seal of Xuantian and entered the realm of extreme desolation
I used to tear the sand of cultivated land in the sea for 108 days
Lost on Ghost Island
Worship to the Twelve Emperors of Youyun
How could a blind man do all this?
Exactly.
Lord Valkyrie has always been a legendary existence
He is using the name of Lord Valkyrie here
There's nothing wrong with it.
Am I a Valkyrie?
It can be proved when the five emperors and five feet come.
You are such a lowly and rude thing
It is also worthy of the two adults of the base five feet and five emperors.
It's the center of the altar again 6 hahahahahaha
Nice Media
If the name is written into the Immortal Destruction Order
The lone judicial guardian will spend his life
Hunt it down
swear to death
This Immortal Destruction Order is too outlaw
I have already taught the useless
I didn't expect you to dare to use him
You really think of yourself as a Valkyrie
Hahahaha
I suggest you think about your last words
Monk, go away
Run to the ends of the earth
There must be a place where the four guardians cannot find it
The four guardians of the Wushentai
It is said that the strength of the four of them is only in the five emperors
Under the five pools
I'd like to see it
Is the strength of these four people really exaggerated?
Brilliant four calligraphy to